(SOFTWARE-3752) List recipients of release announcement emails (#639)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/release/notes.md

For our policy on release series support, please consult
[this page](https://opensciencegrid.org/technology/policy/release-series/).

Release announcements are sent out to the administrative contacts registered

> in the topology repository. In addition, the announcements are also sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in [Topology](topology.opensciencegrid.org). In addition, the announcements are also sent
```
